# cs370-emergingtrends-ai-ml


During this project, I designed and implemented the code for the training function for the Deep Q-Learning Algorithm.  The functions that built that maze and provided the functionality of the experience buffer were provided in additional supporting Python files. As a computer scientist, I find that my work is pivotal in terms of progress.  While pure coding is acutally building tools, the research and discoveries of the computer science field drive the next abilities that computers will have and allow for software systems to continue to evolve.  When I approach a problem as a computer scientist, I have to be aware of the requirements for the problem.  The beauty of problem solving in CS is that the search for the most efficient solution is not ever really over.  Rather, the combination of software tools, algorithms, and design patterns are fluid.  There is always improvements to be made.  I try to break problems down to their roots in required functionality and study what has already been done to achieve that.  Next, I consider what I can do to tweak performance.  Maybe a hashmap isn't ideal here, or a bubble sort is better there.  There are so many factors that go into solving a problem, and solving the puzzle is part of the fun.  As a computer scientist, my responsibilites to the end user are strongly tied to functionality and privacy.  Whatever software tool or platform I design should a) operate as promised, with staunch security measures and error-free functionality and b) not overreach what it was designed to take in terms of user resources.  In short, it should do its job without taking users' information in some form or another beyond what it actually needs to be successful.
